docs: update prometheus remote write document (#834)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/v0.7/en/user-guide/write-data/prometheus.md

Be sure to uncomment `basic_auth` section and replace `greptime_user(username)`, `greptime_pwd(password)` with your own username and password when you enable database authentication. Please refer to client [authentication](../clients/authentication.md).
:::

> The `db` parameter in the url represents the database that we want to write data. It's optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `db` parameter in the URL represents the database that we want to write data. It's optional.
```

By default, the database is `public`.
If you want to write to another database, you can [create a new database](../table-management.md#create-database) 
and replace `public` with the new database name.

> The `physical_table` parameter in the url represents the physical table that we want to write data. In GreptimeDB's `Metric` engine, we have a concept of physical table which specifies the table that store data physically. This parameter is optional. If you don't specify it, the default physical table name `greptime_physical_table` will be used. This physical table will be created automatically if it doesn't exist.

Reviewer: can you add the description about how to create a physical table to `table-management.md`?

> The `physical_table` parameter in the url represents the physical table that we want to write data. In GreptimeDB's `Metric` engine, we have a concept of physical table which specifies the table that store data physically. This parameter is optional. If you don't specify it, the default physical table name `greptime_physical_table` will be used. This physical table will be created automatically if it doesn't exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GreptimeDB automatically groups multiple Prometheus metrics (../clients/prometheus#data-model) into the corresponding logical tables, so you do not need to specify the logical table in the URL of `remote_write`.

The `physical_table` parameter in the URL is optional and represents the [physical table] (/contributor-guide/datanode/metric-engine#physical table) where the data is written. The `greptime_physical_table` table is used by default if this parameter is not specified. If the specified physical table does not exist, the table will be automatically created.
```

Notice that this `physical_table` parameter only works when

> - `with_metric_engine` is enabled in the configuration file. It's enabled by default.

Reviewer: Can you add the `with_metric_engine` to `configuration.md`?

> - There is no previous data in corresponding `db`. I.e., those metrics to be written are first seen to that `db`.

Reviewer: confused about what does this mean...what is `previous data`? what is `first seen`?

Author: I wanna express that "the table didn't exist before", where the "table" references the metric to be ingested. Could you please help me to word it?

> - There is no previous data in corresponding `db`. I.e., those metrics to be written are first seen to that `db`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no existing logical table with the same name in the corresponding `db`.
```
